.
(Gaz) The Geordie squad are back.
This time, it's gonna be massive.
Fuck off, Newcastle!
(cheering)
We're on a mission
round all the party islands.
(screaming)
(screams)
Things are about to get
Lionel Messi.
There's gonna be pool parties.
Boat parties.
Paint parties.
The biggest parties
of our fucking lives.
More necking on.
Oh, shit.
Shitloads of fucking.
Belly flop! Belly flop!
(laughter)
Let's fucking do this!
There's gonna be carnage.
Fucking little slag!
(screaming, shouting)
Kick-offs.
(screaming)
Marnie, Marnie!
Fuck!
(sobbing)
Drama.
Fuck off!
Oh, my God!
(siren blares)
Let's get fucking mortal!
This is the ultimate
party island crawl.
(farts)
Welcome to the girls' room,
you little radge packet!
Maga, here we come!
Me and Marnie finally banged
and tried to make a go of it,
but it didn't happen.
Hopefully, sun, sea and sand will
help with that this time. Aaron!
Scott's pulled a random.
Let him crack on.
Marnie thinks she looks sexy.
She looks like an idiot. Marnie!
He's such a buzzkill.
I'm taking a chance with Chloe.
Better not let us down. (laughs)
I think I might love him.
I just wanna get you naked
and do things in that shag pad.
Am I seeing things?
Back off, big tits, he's mine.
(sighs) For fuck's sake, Chloe.
No chat-up lines, no compliments,
nothing. You're a dead end, Aaron.
My head's all over the place.
Fuck this shit.
Chicken fucking nuggets?
(shouting)
I am fucking done with her.
Yeah, bitches!
I should have a degree
in pulling women.
I'd never kiss anyone
without a six-pack.
I'm a natural beauty.
Real boobs, real hair.
I'm gonna tear the place up.
I'm radge and I wrap lads
around my little finger.
I'm preened to perfection.
I'm totally crackers me, like.
I'm cheeky, colourful
and full of mischief.
Me banter's pure naughty.
I'm fit, flirty
and I've got double Fs.
(all) Geordie Shore, why-aye!
(Holly) Me and Chantelle
slept in the shag pad
cos Chloe kicked off,
cos she thought Marty was flirting.
Me and Marty do not flirt
and that is that.
For her to come at me and say, like,
there's this flirting going on,
and getting me involved in shit,
I just think
it's a bit fucking stupid.
Is Chloe actually being serious?
Like Holly would go
anywhere near Marty.
Chloe, you really need
to sort your head out.
I think she just wants to go acka
for the sake of going acka.
I am enjoying being happy Holly
at the moment.
Bullshit like this brings me down.
I don't need that.
(groaning)
(laughter)
Last night was fucking wicked
till we got back, like.
Last night, me and Chloe
were meant to be in the shag pad.
Instead, she said
I was flirting with Holly
and chucked chicken nuggets
off my face.
Mate, I'm not gonna talk to her again
in my life.
I was even saying to Chloe last
night, Marty, I can't defend her.
At all. Cos there was no reason
to kick off with you.
I do think Chloe was in the wrong.
There's trouble brewing
between the boys and girls.
I'm gonna be stuck in the middle.
That's why Marnie kicked off.
She can fuck off.
Last night,
Marnie said I was a dead end.
But she also said she loves us.
That girl is messed up in the head.
I need to have a chat.
Me and Marty have a connection.
I kicked off
cos I thought he was flirting.
I really like him a lot.
I've still got my guard up, though.
I don't wanna get hurt.
It's proper, like, here.
I can't see anything. It's here.
I can barely see you.
(both laugh)
If Marty likes us,
why isn't he giving me compliments?
I've got loads of nice assets,
and mine are real.
What's happening with Aaron?
We're just both dead stubborn.
And for some reason, we don't work.
It's really weird.
Usually, when I meet a boy,
things develop.
With Aaron, nothing changes.
We're still having
the same pathetic arguments.
(phone rings)
(Holly) The phone's ringing.
A fake-tanned, middle-aged Geordie
bird is about to bark orders.
Hello, Anna.
Mm-hmm.
We are hosting one of the first
big boat parties of the season.
Bring it on.
Right, OK. No bother.
I've never had a boat party,
but I'm a bit nervous
in case I get seasick.
Whitey all over the top deck.
(whooping)
(chanting) Boat party! Boat party!
Bring on this party.
Let's fucking have it.
Get to the harbour,
fuck me, is that Jack Sparrow
and his radgie pals?
Oi, oi. Shiver me timbers.
(Aaron laughs) Really?!
Anna's got us dressed
as fucking pirates. That's not cool.
We look like idiots.
Everyone's whinging
about these costumes,
but all the lasses
pure love the look of me.
Forget the Jolly Roger,
it's all about the naughty todger.
Oi, listen,
let's get ready to fucking party.
Welcome to the pirate ship!
Oi-oi!
(cheering)
The boat party's bouncing.
Now let's do some actual work.
It's time for a drinking game.
We're gonna play a game called,
"Oh, argh, shiver me timbers."
So if I start and I go...
Nathan, I don't know
what you're going on about.
Aaron, your go.
What?
Oh, argh, shiver me timbers.
Nathan, give it a rest, mate.
This shit is getting boring.
Just say "oh".
Just say "oh" or "argh". Argh.
Argh. It's your turn.
It's coming back.
I'm trying hard
to get this pirate game working,
but no fucker's taking it seriously.
Right, guys. Fuck the game.
Down your drink. Let's get pissed.
(shouts indistinctly)
Anna's done well here.
It makes me wanna
take back every single insult.
But then I think, fuck that. Cheers
for the free fanny and peev, tosser.
I've always fancied a Titanic
moment, like Kate Winstant.
But she didn't get her tits out.
I haven't spoke to Marnie all day,
but she's looking fit
in that costume,
so, howay,
let's get this fucking shit sorted.
If he's gonna piss us off...
Me and Aaron
argued again last night.
I dunno what he's gonna say, but we
need to move forward or leave it.
This could be make or break.
When we are good, we're good,
but when we kick off, it's shite.
I've liked Marnie
from the day I met her.
But we've never made it official.
I think we owe it to ourselves
to give it a go.
I don't get what you want.
What do you want?
Where's it gonna go, Aaron?
I can't continue like this.
You either need to leave us,
or make us your girlfriend.
You should take things
to the next level and you never do.
I'm gonna ask you a question.
Let's fucking do this.
Do you wanna be my girlfriend?
Oh, my God! What the hell?
Yes, I do.
You do?
That's all I ever wanted.
Well, it's took a long time.
Who'd have thought
them words would come out of me?
I'm shocked,
but I'm fucking buzzing.
I need to change my Facebook status.
I can't believe
I'm finally Aaron's girlfriend.
This is massive.
I can't wait to tell the girls.
I've got something to tell yous.
What?
We're together.
(screaming)
I am so happy for Marnie and Aaron.
They're finally in a relationship.
They've made that step.
I've seen yous go from,
like, day one together,
and it makes us emotional
thinking about it.
I could probably cry about it.
It's great to see love on a boat.
Just like the Titanic.
We can't neck on any more, can we?
Yeah, you've gotta stop doing that.
For God's sake.
We can do it on the sly.
I'm gonna have to change my ways.
Shit. I'm already going into this
with a big secret.
I should've told Aaron I was
bisexual when I had the chance.
(Gaz) What?
Everybody's congratulating Marnie.
Wait there. We need to talk to Aaron
and find out what is going on.
Sit down.
This could be a big moment.
Gaz and Scott come up
and it looks like they're gonna
rip the piss clean out of me.
"Do you wanna be my girlfriend?"
And she went, "Yes."
You all right?
I've got a temperature.
He's got a temperature!
Sun stroke. (laughs)
The good thing is,
now I'm in a relationship,
the sex should be on tap.
Mate, it's your decision.
I'm happy for you.
I'll stick by you no matter what.
I don't think Aaron's
thought this through properly.
Now him and Marnie are together,
it means he's gonna get less sex
than he already gets,
which is fucking none.
I'm not ready to go on the pull yet,
but I am used to having a girl.
I'm pissed, Chantelle's looking fit.
Fuck it, I'm gonna flirt.
I'm mortal-drunk on this boat,
and out of all people,
Gary is turning on the charm.
What's going on here, like?
Have I had one too many sangrias?
Or can I see Gaz
cracking on with Chantelle?
Aye, aye, captain.
I'm smashed. All of a sudden,
I find myself with Chantelle. Shit!
This is getting quite interesting.
We're the only single people
that can actually, like, flirt.
Gary's going on about
how he's single, blah, blah, blah.
So, I'm on the boat party, having a
good time. I think we should neck on.
What the fuck?
Oh, shit!
What is going on?
I didn't know they liked each other.
Holly will kick off.
Who ate my fucking chicken nuggets?
(all) Geordie Shore, why-aye!
.
(Chloe) Geordie Shore contains
lads and lasses having sex.
If you're easily offended,
do not watch. You have been warned.
Me and the lads are getting ready
for a night out.
I love getting ready, me,
cos it's all I ever fucking do.
If that's what work's like,
I'll work every time.
I had a mint time on that boat
and had a pure radge day.
I don't know if I was pissed really,
but somebody got a girlfriend.
(laughter)
We'll give you the shag pad tonight.
That's right, boys. Now me and
Marnie are boyfriend and girlfriend,
you may as well kiss goodbye
to the shag pad. It's mine.
I could've sworn you were
getting close to Chantelle today.
No lie, kid.
Earlier at the boat party,
Marty's seen me flirt with Chantelle,
but he doesn't know we had
a drunken kiss and I kinda liked it.
Anyway, boys...
(laughter)
On that note...
I've known Gary for a long, long
time and I can always, always tell
when he's being
a shifty little bastard.
Gary, what are you up to?
Ow!
(laughter)
The day has been belter and
I'm looking forward to tonight.
But it feels weird
keeping my kiss with Gary a secret.
You should neck on with Scott.
I've been there and done that.
Like, it really does not
appeal to me whatsoever.
What is the point of Holly getting
"triple Fs" if she's so frigid?
What's wrong with the girl?
At least get fingered.
You have a boyfriend.
Yeah, but, Marns,
he doesn't know about your secret.
He's always known
that I've liked girls, but...
Like, he's never actually heard us
say, "I like girls" in that way.
I feel a bit anxious about Aaron
finding out about my sexuality.
I've waited a long time for this
and I don't want it ruined.
Come on, bitches!
Tonight, we're going in.
We get to the club and it's not
just bouncing, it's glowing.
I think I'm gonna get a tan.
Tonight's the celebration
for Marnie and Aaron.
It may have only taken him
a few years,
but they've finally
put a label on it.
(cheering)
Tonight is all about us.
I don't want nowt to ruin it.
I'm not experienced
in relationships.
But I want Marnie to know
that I only want her kissing me.
Hold on a minute, Aaron. We've
only been together a few hours
and you're dishing out commands.
I asked for a boyfriend, not a pimp.
I've been keeping my lips sealed
about this kiss with Chantelle,
but I'm shit at keeping secrets.
I'm gonna tell Aaron.
He's the only person I can trust.
For fuck's sake, Gary. Spit it out.
(laughs)
Gary and Chantelle are single.
They can do what they want.
I'm not bothered. Holly, on the
other hand, will fucking kick off,
cos Charlotte is Holly's best mate.
(Nathan) I'm watching Gary
and Chantelle. What is going on?
I didn't even know
they liked each other.
I love hanging out with Holly, but
I can tell she's missing Charlotte.
Charlotte is my best friend
and when she's in a better place,
she'll come back to the family
and we'll make more memories.
Chloe went radge
for no reason last night.
I'm not gonna talk to her
until she's apologised.
I'm standing me ground.
Me and Marty haven't spoken all day
and I really need to apologise.
I'm embarrassed
about throwing nuggets
and kicking off
for something stupid.
She best be ready to apologise
or I'm gonna go fucking radge.
(cheers)
So far on this trip I've been
nothing but honest with Chloe.
She keeps throwing it back
in my face. I've had enough.
I go radge because I'm insecure.
I'm trying to stop myself
from getting hurt like in the past.
I wanna make you happy, Marty, but
I can't promise to take things slow.
In fact, I'd rather mish one
and Usain Bolt back to the villa
and give you a medal of my own.
We've had a good night,
but it's time to leave the club
and head home to get some scran.
We get back to the villa
and I am mortal-stinking-drunk.
I can't even walk straight.
I'm going to bed.
We picked up a takeaway
and I cannot wait
to munch on my chicken nuggets.
Where's the chicken nuggets?
Surprise(!)
Chloe has got her tits out again.
No. Who ate my fucking
chicken nuggets? I swear to God.
I've got no idea
where your chicken nuggets are,
but you should try this pizza.
It's delicious.
(laughter)
I fucking hate pizza, me.
Give us a kiss. Give us a kiss.
One of the benefits of being
in a relationship is sex on tap.
I'm buzzing, me.
Goodnight, motherfuckers!
It's late and I'm knackered. I'm
enjoying hanging out with Nathan,
so I'll go to bed in the lads' room.
Once again, I found myself sitting
there in front of Chantelle.
Do you know what it is?
There's nobody here.
A harmless few kisses? Fuck it.
Me and Gary are on the settee,
and next thing you know,
I'm back there again.
This cannot keep happening.
This is what being
in a relationship is about.
Quality sex all the time.
No, Aaron, I'm being serious.
I'm done.
Finish yourself off.
(giggles)
If this is the type of sex
that's gonna be on tap from now on,
I'm fucked.
Ibiza!
Ibiza, here we come!
She's got her tongue
halfway down her throat.
Marty is fucked off.
We're not friends any more.
(all) Geordie Shore, why-aye!
.
(Marty)
Warning - Geodie Shore's full-on!
So do not watch if you can't handle
the bad language and sex scenes.
I know. I'm happy for yous.
You know how I love chicken nuggets?
Like, I love Marty the same.
Oh, shit, that's a big 'un!
I know.
Chicken nuggets and Marty
are very similar.
Chicken nuggets taste so good
and so does Marty.
Once he's washed.
Oh, God, I actually
don't feel that hung over today.
Do you remember having sex?
Yeah.
I bet you do, Marnie. You had
your orgasm and fucking rolled over.
I feel fucking used.
Listen, you know
on the boat yesterday?
Everyone was downstairs,
Gary and Chantelle were upstairs
Mm-hmm. And Gary told us last night
that they started necking on.
(laughs)
I can't believe that, Aaron.
What the hell will Holly do?
Gary getting with Chantelle
is gonna hurt Holly and Charlotte.
Shit is gonna hit the fan.
This is literally
gonna start World War II.
(laughs)
Fucking hell, Marns,
what primary school did you go to?
How you feeling this morning?
Bit hung over. That was
one of the best nights I've had.
Everyone was just getting along.
There was no arguments.
Last night was fucking wicked,
but I told Chloe
that we need to take things slow
till I figure out what it is I want.
Morning, guys.
Morning.
The happy couple
are out of the shag pad,
and Marnie is bouncing like Tigger.
I am happy for her.
It's like the morning
after a wedding.
I had a lethal time on that boat.
It was good, wasn't it?
Since I've broke up with Kyle,
these lot think I've been miserable.
But I wanna prove
that happy Holly is back.
I can be fun and spontaneous.
So, I've planned a secret surprise.
Listen, everyone, I've organised us
a trip to an amazing place.
Kebab shop? Disneyland? Bingo?
Ibiza!
(cheering)
This is the best idea
Holly has ever came up with.
Fuck off!
(laughter)
Holly's idea of fun
is having three ice cubes
in her drink instead of two.
But Ibiza? Holly, that's the best
thing I've ever heard you say.
(Chloe) Right, I'm gonna go pack.
What are we waiting for?
Let's book taxis.
Let's get to the airport.
Ibiza, here we come!
We're going to Ibiza!
Ibiza!
I have no doubt that we are
gonna have an amazing few days.
I just hope everyone's as excited
about the accommodation.
Yeah, man. Fuck it! Boss nuts!
Anna, you can fuck off.
We're going to Ibiza. See you later.
Somebody tell Marty
about Ibiza and the dress code,
because by the looks of it, he
thinks we're going on a school trip.
I bet you he's got
a packed lunch in there as well.
Yay!
I am fucking buzzing. Get me on that
plane. I'm gonna dance my dick off.
This is going to be mint.
I know Holly will not let us down.
It's gonna be shwicked.
There's a big massive villa
over there.
Speed boat us to that, man.
Me and the lads reckon Holly's
sorted a pure wicked villa.
W-W-W-Wicked!
Fuck. Are we turning right here?
Wow.
Holly, howay, a campsite?
I know I've got an activity badge
in tying girls in knots,
but do I look like a Beaver?
It's a fucking pink caravan.
What the fuck is this shithole?
There is no way you whinging fuckers
are gonna bring me down.
I have made a last-minute trip
to Ibiza happen. I'm gonna enjoy it.
Just embrace it.
Stop being so miserable.
Holly's right.
We're in Ibiza, for fuck's sake.
So let's get ourselves done up,
looking on fleek,
and smash the strip.
I think tonight's gonna be good.
I'm glad everybody's getting
their head around the camp,
so now we can concentrate
on getting ready.
Marnie, I feel like this is your
first holiday away with Aaron.
Like, it just... It's different
and I'm excited to see
how things go tonight and stuff.
Me and Aaron are in such a good
place. Tonight's gonna be good.
This looked like a bad thing
to start off with.
I think it's cool as fuck.
(Gaz) I do. Really cool.
Well done, Holly.
You've done a great job.
This hippy camp, or whatever it is,
is growing on us.
It's the first time
I've seen her in a good mood.
(laughs)
But it's good to see she's happy.
Course it is.
Since Holly and Kyle broke up,
she's gained a reputation
as a miserable bitch.
This idea has given her
a confidence boost
and she seems to be
in a really good place.
Come on, everyone!
It's our first night in Ibiza,
everyone is buzzing
and tonight is gonna be mint.
At the end of the day, it isn't
work, so let's go and party.
I pure love Ibiza, me.
Tonight, I'm gonna go radge.
I'm gonna be Scotty super-charged,
double-rampaged techno T,
turbo-fucking Timlin. Oi, oi!
We get to the club, the place is
bouncing. Tonight is gonna be wicked.
It's been playing on my mind
about me and Gary.
I just wanna get it off my chest.
So, I tell Marnie.
The best actress award
goes to Marnie Simpson
for her role in pretending to hear
some news she'd already heard.
Thank you very much.
Since we got here,
Marty's ignored us.
There's taking things slowly
and taking the piss.
You know what?
I have always had this side.
I just need to bring it out more.
I know Marty says he likes us,
but at the moment he's acting
like he doesn't want us.
I know what will get his attention.
Necking on with random boys.
Chloe was saying she likes us,
then she went straight into
the crowd and necked on with a lad.
Well, aye.
Fuck. My tactics didn't work. I think
I might have fucked things up.
By Chloe getting with a lad tonight,
that has just allowed me
to go on the fucking razzle.
Marty isn't gonna speak to us.
I'm gonna get mortal
and party instead.
I am mortal-drunk and so is Chloe.
I can't help it.
I just like to kiss her
and dance like idiots.
You've got to be kidding me. I told
Marnie not to kiss Chloe any more.
She's got her tongue halfway down
her throat. What a liberty.
Aaron looks like his head
is about to explode.
We need to get out of here
before shit hits the fan.
That music in there...
that was a different level.
Compare that to Magaluf.
I'm mortal-drunk in the taxi and
I reveal my secret to the others.
Compare that to mine
and Gary's kiss.
You haven't kissed.
When did yous kiss?
No, yous didn't.
You what? Gary's kissed Chantelle?
Why would he do that? Surely he
knows it would piss people off.
Especially Holly.
Chantelle, for me, same for you,
you're single, I'm single.
Wh... Why can't...
Why can't we neck on?
Chantelle's pissed and she just
put me on the spot about our kiss.
It's only a matter of time
before Holly finds out.
Get back to the caravans and I'm
fuming with Marnie for kissing Chloe,
but I'll ignore it
and deal with it tomorrow.
Right, I'm gonna go for a wee.
Ibiza has been fucking amazing.
I've loved it.
I've had a good time with the girls,
a good, old dance with Chloe.
It's time for bed.
So far on this trip, I've been
nothing but honest with Chloe.
She's just thrown it back
in my face. I've had enough.
Your lack of respect has just proven
how much I didn't even know you
in the first place at all.
Just go to sleep.
I'm going to sleep.
We're ju... We're not friends
any more. W-We're not friends?
Did you just say we're not friends?
We're not.
Shit! Marty is really fucked off.
And now he's talking about
not even being friends any more.
I need to fix this situation.
I need to get in that caravan
and give him a kiss. Or a cuddle.
Or a blowie. From Chloe.
That will make the situation right.
Please, go out of here.
I don't understand.
This is a joke.
What the fuck
is wrong with this girl?
Just give me some space
and stop being a weirdo.
Can I get away from you?
The fact that Marty was prepared
to climb out a window to get away
suggests that
it's time to go to bed.
I'll be here for Chloe.
She's one of my best friends.
But The smart thing for her to do now
is go to bed and sleep on it.
Everything will be different
in the morning.
Oh, my God!
Marty's actually pulled a girl.
(screams)
Charlotte's bed's not even
fucking cold yet.
(all) Geordie Shore, why-aye!
.
(Nathan)
Alreet? Geordie Shore contains
loads of bad language and sex scenes.
So, it's dead simple.
If you're easily offended,
don't watch.
(Marnie)
I necked on with Chloe again.
You have to take it on the chin.
It's never gonna stop.
Marnie's making a joke about it,
but I'm not happy.
In a relationship, you don't
kiss other people. End of.
What happened last night, Nathan?
I'm dreading knowing.
Once again, you keep kicking off
when he hasn't done anything.
Last night it was you
that went and kissed a boy.
As much as I love Chloe,
she's not doing herself
any favours with Marty.
She might have pushed him too far.
I think I'm gonna have to
just speak to him when I'm sober,
and just tell him we need to talk,
and we need to
tell the complete truth.
I'm sick of booting off, but
I only do it cos I'm so insecure.
I don't believe he likes us,
but I do wanna speak to him.
Last night, Chloe necked on with
a lad and then kicked off at me.
It's got to the point where I'm
jumping out of windows to get away.
She needs help.
Good morning, campers.
I've woken up with Holly.
It's probably the last time.
When she finds out about me
and Gary, she's gonna kick off.
We're going to the beach.
Get your ass up!
I'm fucking frying,
sitting in these caravans.
So I'll get the squad together and
take my pipe for a fucking paddle.
I need to talk to Marnie
because last night, she kissed Chloe.
We're gonna go on a pedalo,
have a nice chat,
and, hopefully, she can't run off.
I don't know whether we're coming
or going, know what I mean? Yeah.
I'm actually relieved
that I'm gonna get a bit of time,
just me and Aaron, to talk
privately. It's what we need.
(exhales heavily) Like, you
kiss Chloe more than you kiss me.
Right. I can't believe we're gonna
go into this. You're like that.
You'd rather spend the night
with Gary. No, Marnie.
Shock. When she's in the wrong,
she can't handle it.
All the lads go,
"She kisses Chloe more than you."
Do you know how embarrassing that is?
Chloe gives us more attention
than what you do.
Aaron's right.
I shouldn't be kissing Chloe.
I fucking hate that he's right,
and I just don't wanna deal with it.
Oh, wow. Once again,
runs away from the situation.
She deserves an award
for that performance.
I love Marnie, but I've got no idea
what goes on in her head.
(insect buzzes, Chloe screams)
Fuck!
It's gone. It's gone.
Right, I'm gonna speak.
I'm sat with Chloe and for once,
I'm gonna speak first.
She's gonna listen to the truth.
Every single night you've given us
a different excuse to hate you.
I feel like I don't know you,
and you're meant to be my best mate,
someone that I fancy.
You say I don't like you, but I've
given you no reason to think that.
There's big trust issues between us.
And all I wanna go back to
is how we were.
But I think I've fucked things up.
I wanna apologise,
cos I've kicked off every night.
That's because I'm scared
of getting hurt.
So, instead, when you fuck things
up, why do you get with someone?
I don't know.
I didn't believe you liked us.
I just thought it was all a game.
That's the weirdest thing
I've heard in my life.
This is it. Like, we're not even
gonna be friends, I don't think.
I think that's a bit too far.
It's not.
You're pissing us off every night
and I'm bored.
Chloe Day and Chloe Night
are two different people.
I can't be arsed with
night-time version.
I'm gonna do my own thing
and crack on.
(Gaz)
The beach was what everyone needed.
Now we need to get ready
for night two in Ibiza.
(screaming, laughter)
I'm getting ready
with the girls and I'm buzzing.
Tonight, let's go fucking radge!
One, two, three!
(all cheer)
We look mint and we smell even
better. Tonight is gonna be wicked.
We're on our way to the club and
there's a massive beacon of light.
It's got our name
written all over it.
I'm not gonna lie,
this sling shot is massive.
But I'm not gonna bottle out.
I'm gonna show Marnie who's boss.
It's been a good life!
(screaming) Marnie!
Oh, my God!
(laughter)
I'm so proud of you, Nathan.
If the boys can do this
and the girls can do this,
I've gotta do it. I don't want to be
the pussy of the group.
(screaming)
Oh, my God! Fucking hell!
I know people wouldn't expect me
to like things like this,
but I fucking love it.
(screaming)
Is it weird
that it's giving us a stiffy?
Nearly blew my dick off.
My hair's still OK, I haven't shit
myself, I haven't been sick.
I'm full of adrenaline.
Get me to a club.
(Aaron) Get to Plastic,
this is what I'm talking about.
Amazing club, tunes are banging.
Let's get fucking smashed.
(cheering)
I had a snog with Chantelle,
but it's not going anywhere.
The sooner I get back on the pull,
the better.
So, I've spotted
these two lethal birds in here.
I'm always on the pull. Yeah, man,
I'm on the pull 365 days a year.
Even Christmas Day,
I'm pulling crackers.
With Scott by my side,
pulling two wicked blonde birds,
I feel so happy. I'm back.
(Chantelle) I'm not arsed that
Gary's necking on with that bird.
But if he thinks he's coming back
to me afterward, he can fuck off.
Most of us know Chantelle and Gaz
kissed at the boat party.
Holly deserves to know.
I think it's best it comes from me.
How the fuck could Gary do that
with somebody else?
Charlotte's bed's not even cold yet.
Please, not now.
I don't really wanna lose my bird.
I was holding on to this grain of
hope that Charlotte might come back.
He's chucked that grain, pissed on
it, stamped on it, set it on fire,
and when she finds out, she'll
never set foot in the door again.
Holly's putting all this on me
and sometimes it's not fair.
Charlotte's moved on.
I'm trying to do the same.
Sometimes, Holly,
just keep your nose out.
I'm not really angry with Chantelle.
She could have shown more respect,
but it's Gary I'm angry with.
He shouldn't be rubbing salt
in the wounds.
Gaz and Scott have got two birds,
so I'm on a one-man patrol.
I seen that bird on the dancefloor
giving us the eye, so why not?
Marty's pulled a girl.
I won't lie, it's gonna kill us. I
need to get my anger out. (screams)
Marty, the prick,
has decided to pull a girl
and break Chloe's heart
into a thousand pieces.
And I am not standing for that.
Be a man and take control.
Get the fuck away!
Aaron needs to get his bird
fucking away from me,
cos she's pissing me off.
Marnie goes over to Marty
and I'm not fucking having it.
There's no way
you're ruining Marty's night.
We can't go on as a couple if he's
not gonna start putting me first.
I should be priority, not Marty.
Aaron, stop it now.
Aaron has interrupted
Marnie's cock block on Marty.
It's best I take over
and make sure this little radgie
doesn't take this lass home
for Chloe's sake.
I've had a wicked time
with this bird,
but seeing Chloe that upset
does bother us a bit,
so I cannot take her back.
Tonight has gone fucking shite.
Someone needs to get me home
before I lose it.
It's time to bounce out of the club
and take these two birds
back to the campsite.
What a night. The lads have pulled,
the girls are kicking off,
and me and Marnie
are arguing once again.
You're girlfriend material?
I am.
Unless he says sorry,
he can fuck off.
Buy a fucking book
on how to be a good boyfriend.
Nah. I'm good. I'm good.
I'm absolutely mortal, I'm foaming.
The best place for me is bed.
Tonight, Holly's staying with me
and I need to go through the rules.
If your skin touches me, you're out.
Never.
If your toes touch me... Never.
...we never speak.
I hate the fact
that Charlotte's not on this trip,
but I respect her decision. I'm glad
I've got Nathan. I'm going to bed.
I tried to give Marnie
my full attention,
but she was too busy
cock-blocking Marty.
Now she's says I'm a shit boyfriend.
Fuck this. I'm off to bed.
Aaron spat his dummy out
and went to bed on his own,
so I'm just gonna
crash with Chantelle.
We get back, Scott gets into his
caravan, I've got my caravan.
This girl doesn't realise
I haven't pulled for a while.
She's in for a treat.
(moaning, panting)
I'm desperate to buck
the arse off this bird.
I'm a bit anxious all three of us
aren't gonna fit at the same time.
Me and my dick
are already tight for space.
(moaning)
(Marty) Tonight has been a disaster.
Gaz and Scott are in their caravans
banging away,
and I'm in my caravan by myself.
I divn't know what to do.
I cannot be with Chloe cos she
doesn't believe that I like her
and I cannot be single
cos she's pure jealous.
(sniffles)
I'm fucked, me, like.
Let's go get fucking mortal.
(clattering)
It's not how you treat a girl.
It's starting to piss us off.
What the actual fuck?
(farts) Welcome to the girls' room,
you little radge packet!
(retches, coughs)
I don't feel too good.
It's our last night in Magaluf
and I wanna go out with a bang.
I've never felt so low
than what I feel now.
I'm done. I'm done.
I can't believe this.
The way I'm feeling,
I don't see us ever coming back.
.